This diectory contains all data, analysis and plotting scripts to reproduce the analysis of NR data corresponding to the interaction of DMPC-containing SMI nanodiscs (SMILPs) with DMPC Langmuir monolayers.  

Below is a description of the files included:

File | Description
---- | -----------
dataFiles | A directory containing all experimental data files required to replicate our analysis.
`Fit_PC_SMILP_Nanodiscs.mat` | A RasCAL project file containing experimental and fitting parameters.
`Model_MonolayerNanodisc.m` | A custom layer model, preloaded into `Fit_PC_SMILP_Nanodiscs.mat`.
`BAYES_PC_SMILP_Nanodiscs.mat` | Bayesian MCMC analysis output as generated by RasCALs inbuilt Bayesian analysis routines
`ReflectivityPlot.m` | A script to plot reflectivity profiles, best fits and confidence intervals as determined by MCMC analysis. Data can be plotted as either R vs Q or RQ^4 vs Q, with loglog or semilog scales.
`SLDplot.m` | A script to plot SLD profile best fit and 95% confidence intervals as determined by MCMC analysis.
`VolumeFractionPlot_Pristine.m` | A script to convert fitted SLD profiles to volume fraction profiles for initial pristine phospholipid monolayers.
`VolumeFractionPlot_Final.m` | A script to convert fitted SLD profiles to volume fraction profiles for phospholipid monolayers after interactions.
`CorrelationPlot.m` | A script to generate correlation plots of all fitted parameters from MCMC chains.
`CalcConfidenceIntervals.m` | A script to calculate mean and confidence intervals associated with parameters extrapolated from fitted parameters.
